<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
	xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">

<h:head>
	<title>Project</title>

	<!-- <f:metadata>
		<f:event listener="#{productController.loadProducts()}"
			type="preRenderView" />
	</f:metadata> -->
</h:head>
  
  <h:body>
  	<h3>ReadMe</h3>
  	
  	<p>This is the readme file for the data centric Rad project in y3.</p>
  	<p>This project is very easy to run. Just run the index.xhtml on the tomcat server.</p>
  	<p>Once you are presented with the index file, simply click on the link that you want to inspect.</p>
  	<p>The country link shows you a list of countries grabbed from the geography database.</p>
  	<p>In it you are able to add, update or delete the country you wish.</p>
  	<p>Once you are finished with that you can look at the regions link on the homepage.</p>
  	<p>In that you are able to view all the regions currently in the database, aswell as delete whatever region you want</p>
  	<p>Then you have cities. In there cou can view the list of cities database, and you can also add your own city. However I could not the the full details to work, but you can see my attempts at it in the java code.</p>
  	<p>You can also view the heads of state database. This database is displayed by connecting to a mongo database which I created myself.</p>
  	<p>There is also an attemp at getting the find cities to work, but as it doesnt work I decided not to provide a link to non working code on the web application. However, if you wish to view the attempts at it, you can see it in my java code.</p>
  	
  	
  </h:body>
</html>
